Thank you everyone again. Welcome. Welcome everyone. Thank you very much. Welcome to Palden Sherab
Pema Ling.
This is the center of the sunshine state of this part of the beautiful country. I'm so grateful and
thankful for all of you. Welcome. Welcome everyone.
And this is our beautiful Brixi land and beautiful Brixi land. We will be completely off and free
by the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha. All of them will be free.
This will become one of the real places. They were beautifully cherished and glorified, the
flourished, the teaching of the Buddha Dharma, that which means the practice of love, kindness, and
compassion.
And that completely saturated themselves, ourselves, and as well as others. And continually ongoing
until the samsara is completely emptied. All get enlightened.
So we thank you very much. Thank you everyone. Thank you. Thank you. Then today I'm going to offer
the empowerment of the Gaurav M. Samboa, known as Odhi Fandana as blessings of this land,
officially with again Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, Honguru, Devadakini, and Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, and
all of us together as put inside.
Inspiration, aspiration, dedication. So this will become the beautiful spot, as I mentioned that.
So we bless this, only in the presence of all these enlightened beings and lineage masters.
So again, as I said, I'm going to offer you the empowerment of the Gaurav M. Samboa, known as the
Odhi Fandana, or M. N. Gaurav M. Samboa, whether of prosperity and uprightness, and I don't give it
.
In order to do this, I'm going to give brief introductions for the empowerment itself. This is
again the teaching of His only Dhul N. M. J. As I said yesterday, whenever you know, know, and also
that will talk more, is coming here.
So I'm just going to follow the exact instruction that Gaurav provided, His only Dhul N. M. Samboa,
when he presented the empowerment, these two, many hundreds and hundreds, both in the purpose.